Select Service Types from config (#10)
skuethe/MMM-HH-LocalTransport: README.md

                id: '', // Trainstation ID
                apiKey: '', // Add your apiKey
                apiUser: '', // Add your apiUser

>                 serviceTypes: ['ZUG', 'BUS', 'FAEHRE'] // Types of services that are displayed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                serviceTypes: ['ZUG', 'BUS', 'FAEHRE'], // Limit the service types that you want to display. Available types can be viewed in the MMM-HH-LocalTransport.js
```
